Added dependency context (#299)
AbstractSDK/abstract: framework/docs/src/4_get_started/8_dependencies.md

```rust
const APP: BalancerApp = BalancerApp::new(BALANCER, MODULE_VERSION, None)
.with_instantiate(handlers::instantiate_handler)
// ...
.with_dependencies(BALANCER_DEPS);
```

`StaticDependency` defines how the dependency is supposed to be imported and used. It contains `id` of the module and `version` of the module.

```rust
pub struct StaticDependency {
    pub id: ModuleId<'static>,
    pub version_req: &'static [&'static str],
}
```

`version` uses uses [Semantic Versioning (SemVer)](https://semver.org/) for its packages. You can specify dependencies using exact versions, version ranges, or other qualifiers to ensure compatibility of your modules.

```admonish info
Make sure to keep an eye out for deprecating dependencies as well. Security updates are a must to update and some patches can be ignored.
```

### Addressing other modules

If your module needs some modules to be enabled, it can add those as a dependency. You can then easily call messages on these modules by using the ModuleInterface trait as described in [Dependency Execution Flow](https://docs.abstract.money/3_framework/6_module_types.html#dependency-execution).

> Under the hood the name of the dependency will be resolved on the Manager contract. A call will be attempted with a custom rely-id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood the ID of the dependency module will be resolved on the Manager contract, returning the address of that module. The address is then used to call or query the dependency. 
```

.with_instantiate(handlers::instantiate_handler)
// ...
.with_dependencies(BALANCER_DEPS);
```

`StaticDependency` defines how the dependency is supposed to be imported and used. It contains `id` of the module and `version` of the module.

```rust
pub struct StaticDependency {
    pub id: ModuleId<'static>,
    pub version_req: &'static [&'static str],
}
```

`StaticDependency` also has `check` and `matches` functions. `check` tells you if the version requirement is valid and `matches` finds the most compatible version requirement.

`version` uses uses [Semantic Versioning (SemVer)](https://semver.org/) for its packages. You can specify dependencies using exact versions, version ranges, or other qualifiers to ensure compatibility of your modules.

```admonish info
Make sure to keep an eye out for deprecating dependencies as well. Security updates are a must to update and some patches can be ignored.
```

### Addressing other modules

If your module needs some modules to be enabled, it can add those as a dependency. You can then easily call messages on these modules by using the ModuleInterface trait as described in Using Other Modules.

> 

Reviewer: add link here
